[GEOT-7287] Documentation update as gt-opengis no longer provided (#4514)
geotools/geotools: docs/user/library/main/internal.rst

Some of the SAX, DOM and Transform classes for handling are defined in ``gt-main``.

Their use for XML and GML handling will be covered in ``gt-xml`` module documentation.

Style
^^^^^

> The ``gt-main`` interfaces for ``Style`` are a straight extension of the ``gt-api`` interfaces. Please note these implemtnations are not threadsafe - extensive copy constructors have been provided if you need to copy these data strucrtures for use in an isolaed thread.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``gt-main`` interfaces for ``Style`` are a straight extension of the ``gt-api`` interfaces. Please note these implementations are not threadsafe - extensive copy constructors have been provided if you need to copy these data structures for use in an isolated thread.
```
